My name is Najmul Huda, a 22-year-old Bangladeshi residing in Sultanate of Oman with my parents. We are a family of five. My father is a Steel Workshop owner and my mother is a teacher. My elder brother has completed his Bachelor's of Business Administration Degree in Bangladesh and is now doing a job in a local company. And my younger sister is in Grade 9 in a Private School. All of us live together in a rented house. After paying for all the family expenditure, my parents are unable to afford the cost of higher education in Oman. The minimum cost of getting a Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science in Oman is about 25,000 US Dollars, which is  unaffordable for my parents. 

I aspire to be a Software Engineer, a field that offers great opportunities and aligns with my passion for technology. I'm good at solving problems. I like to learn how computers and technology works. Thankfully and by God's will, I have access to a stable internet connection. So, I completed a series of Introductory Computer Science courses through Harvard's CS50 Program and got the completion certificates (https://cs50.harvard.edu/certificates/c12f30ce-d15d-4e87-9e70-f455046cc45f , https://cs50.harvard.edu/certificates/427c802f-a621-482c-b89f-76a46957a43e). After getting introduced to Computer Science, I want to deep dive into Computer Science to learn more in details about all the processes and ultimately become a Software Engineer. I want to build softwares that will change people's lives. Through CS50 and various online courses, I have gained some basic knowledge about programing and problem solving. I have published a Browser Extension (https://salah-time.com) which has a few hundrends of active users, though it is not generating any sort of income for me. I have also published my very own portfolio website (https://najmul.dev). In order to get a software engineering role, I have to further develop my foundational knowledge and skill. Companies in many region requires a Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science in order to get a role as a Software Engineer.

I have completed my higher secondary education (high school) with a GPA of 4.50 out of 5.00 in Science group under the National Curriculum of Bangladesh in 2022 (https://everify.dhakaeducationboard.gov.bd/cert?k=0702935836-f6abf0f634bfb3c6033cad94d49369c531b011677e339a98e18fa9cf0f573135). It has been 3 years since the completion of my high school, but I was unable to get admitted into a University in Oman due to the extreme cost and financial instability of my parents. 

University of People (UoPeople) provides the perfect opportunity for me to complete my Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science and start looking for a role as a Software Engineer. I specially like the Pay as You Go approach of UoPeople and the flexibility of completing the courses. However, paying 160 US Dollar to assess each course it not possible for me, due to my financial insolvency and unemployment. The work opportunity in Oman is not that flexible, as there is no per time job opportunity for people looking to work 3-4 hours a day. You either have to work full time with a work visa or not work at all. 

Fortunately and by God's will, I earn about 100 US Dollar per month by tutoring my neighbor's kid and doing a bunch of side gigs, which will allow me to fund my fees for assessing each courses. Due to being unemployed, it took me over a month since my initial registration to pay my Application fee for the Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science program of UoPeople. It's possible for me to pay 40 US Dollar per courses (1/4th of 160 US Dollar). It is my mother's dream for me to complete my Bachelor's Degree. After completing Bachelor's Degree and securing a job, it's my wish to give back to the community if God wills. 

Therefore, I respectfully request consideration of a scholarship from University of People that would cover 75% of the course assessment fee, allowing me to pay the remaining 25% from my modest income.

I sincerely hope for a positive response and greatly appreciate University of People's support in helping students like me pursue their academic and professional goal. 
Thank you for your time and consideration.

Yours sincerely,
Najmul Huda